He went back outside to play and had a great time.








She couldn't wait to go to another party and eat more healthy food.











The end. 从前有一個女孩，她感到不舒服。她決定噴些香水。她小心地把它噴在脖子上。很快，房間裡充滿了美妙的氣味。她笑了，這讓她感覺好多了。女孩不知道，但她的弟弟偷偷溜進了房間。他喜歡香水的味道，也想要一些。他去找了一些自己的。他把它噴在脖子上，味道很濃，他感到不舒服。但他喜歡香水的味道。他決定繼續穿著它。女孩和她的弟弟都非常滿意他們的新香水。他們喜歡能夠聞到好聞的味道，笑了，感覺比以前好多了。完。



Martha was a brave girl and she was very proud of herself.

The moral of the story is that unity is strength.



Tim and the duck became good friends. They played together every day at the park. They were always happy to see each other. Tim and the duck were the best of friends. They had so much fun together. They played and played until it was time to go home. Tim and the duck said goodbye to each other. They were sad to leave each other. But they knew they would see each other again tomorrow. Tim went home with his bucket. He was glad because he had a new friend. The duck went home too. It was glad because it had a new friend. They were both happy and content. They knew they would have many more adventures together. And so, they lived happily ever after.



They were happy and they knew that they would see each other again soon.


He laughed because he was happy for the ornament. He laughed because he knew that the ornament would make someone else happy. He laughed because he knew that he would always have the memory of the ornament. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He laughed because he was alive. He laughed because he was happy.  He laughed because he was free. He





They were so happy that they decided to have a party. They invited all of their friends and family. They had a big feast and danced all night. The yacht was the happiest place in the world.


She wished that she could have her sister back.
The end.

He went back to his home and went to sleep. He had a good night's sleep and woke up feeling refreshed. He was ready for another day of adventures.




They played together every day and had so much fun. The mighty toy was no longer alone and he was so happy. He knew that he had found his forever friend.


He was very happy to have made so many new friends. He was the most famous puppy in the park that day.



She missed her purse and wished she could have it back.



Robbie wanted to visit the dragon. Every day he went outside and looked for it, but he never saw it. He was so frustrated! One day his dad said he was going to take Robbie for a visit. They drove for a long time and when they stopped Robbie saw a big dragon! It was so big and shiny! Robbie was so excited. He ran up to the dragon and said hello. The dragon smiled back at him and thankfully the dragon was friendly! Robbie and his dad spent the whole day visiting the dragon. They laughed and had lots of fun. Robbie was sad when it was time to go home. He had such a great time visiting the dragon!











The sailor was grateful for the child's help and felt much better. From that day on, he was no longer scared of the dark.

It was a good day.



They played together and had lots of fun. The other animals on the farm were surprised to see the goat and the squash playing together. They had never seen anything like it before. But the goat and the squash didn't care. They were happy and that was all that mattered. And so, the goat and the squash lived happily ever after on the big farm.


They would play all day long, and then the girl would go home, tired but happy. She would go to bed, dreaming of the next day's adventures with her net.
So he went back to his home and told his mother all about it. She was very proud of him and she gave him a big hug. The pig was very happy and he knew that he would never forget his adventure in the woods.
Lily smiled and said, "No problem, Timmy. Friends share things with each other."






The bear rolled the ball all day long. The bear was very tired. The bear went to sleep. The bear dreamed of rolling the ball. The bear woke up and rolled the ball some more. The bear was very happy. The end.
一次，有一個士兵好趕急，佢要去做一件好重要的事，但係佢唔知係乜。佢跑呀跑，跑到一座好高嘅山。佢見到一頭瘋狂嘅獅子，佢好驚，所以佢跑走咗！佢要快啲走，所以佢跑得比以前快。終於，佢安全咗，呢個令佢好開心。完。
他跳啊跳，找東西吃。他聽到一聲巨響，但聽起來很友善。他跳得更近了。聲音來自一間大黃房子。他跳了過去，看到門是開著的。裡面，他看到一個派對。有很多食物！兔子跳了進去，開始吃東西。他吃了奶酪和蛋糕，還有各種美味的食物。每個人都很友好，歡迎他。兔子很高興，他吃啊吃！當他飽了，他跳出了房子，繼續他的旅程。他很飽，很滿足，很開心。




一次，有一個王子住喺一座城堡入面。佢有一張軟綿綿嘅床同埋一頂大皇冠。有一日，佢想係湖入面游水。佢游呀游，游得好開心。但係，突然有一隻大怪獸從水入面跳出來，將個王子食咗！完。

一次，有一張黑色的梳化在房間裏。每天，一個叫傑克的小男孩會喜歡在他的梳化上射他的玩具車。他會發出最響亮的呼嘯聲，假裝他們是賽車。有一天，傑克在梳化上看到了一些東西。那是一隻黑色的蟲子！他非常害怕，迅速抓起他的玩具槍，開始向蟲子射擊！他一直射，直到蟲子不見了。傑克非常自豪，他大喊：「我做到了！我好勇敢！」完。
He couldn't wait to tell his mom about the unusual toys he found in the big blue box.
From that day on, they never forgot the bird and his beautiful singing.











They learned that they should share their toys and not get angry at each other. From that day on, Sue and Jane were very careful with their toys and they always shared them with each other. They lived happily ever after.

He felt happy that he had something to hug and that he had a good time at the park. He went home feeling content and satisfied.
一時三刻，有一艘船。佢係空的，但係海好靚同藍色。有一日，一個細路女上左船。佢好開心可以出海同睇吓周圍嘅世界。突然，天色由藍色變左成灰色。暴風雨雲形成，海開始動。細路女好驚，但係佢留係船入面。船開始上下跳動，佢可以感受到風。波浪越嚟越大，船繼續搖晃。終於，暴風雨過咗，細路女鬆咗一口氣。海變返藍色，佢安全。依家，船唔係空嘅：細路女係入面，冒險先至開始！


Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He painted himself with a big smile on his face. Tom was very happy with his cane. He was so happy that he decided to paint his cane. He painted it red. He also painted a picture of himself on the cane. He



They had a great day at the park.

John had a great day at the park with his mom.
They both laughed and continued to play in the garden.





She then got up and ran back to her house, ready for her next adventure.


It was a place where they could be friends and have fun together. And so, the tree continued to watch over the animals and the forest, making sure everyone was safe and happy.




From that day on, Tom and the mouse became best friends and lived happily ever after.










John and his friend each took a cold drink and drank it.  "Mmm, that's much better," said John.  "I'm not thirsty anymore. Thank you for helping me make the drinks cold."  His friend smiled and said, "You're welcome. I'm glad I could help."










一次，有個細路女叫莎莉。莎莉好肚餓，但係佢唔知點算。佢得啲紅蘿蔔食，但係紅蘿蔔唔夠飽。然後，有一日，佢嘅媽媽帶咗一個特別嘅驚喜返嚟。係一個藍色嘅問答遊戲！莎莉嘅媽媽俾佢玩問答遊戲。莎莉好開心！佢答晒所有問題。當佢完成咗，莎莉嘅媽媽俾佢食一個特別嘅小食。佢可以食一塊朱古力！莎莉好開心，因為佢嘅媽媽俾佢玩問答遊戲。依家，佢嘅肚仔唔再肚餓。佢食咗朱古力，好享受。完。


She knew that she would be able to tell all of her friends about her amazing discovery.



She went back to her castle and lived happily ever after.

They all had a great time.


When he got home, he gave the flowers to his mother. She was so happy and gave him a big hug. He was so happy he had picked the flowers, and he knew he would do it again.
He was so happy that he had made new friends. He knew that he would never forget this day.

The car became known as the "animal helper car" and was loved by all the animals in the town.

Beth was no longer scared. She went back to playing in her backyard.



From that day on, she knew that she could do anything she set her mind to. She was the best and strongest snake in the world.





Andy was a curious 3-year-old boy. He was always very curious about the world around him. One day, Andy noticed a strange holiday approaching. He decided to observe it more closely. He watched as people put up decorations of all shapes and sizes. He noticed many were quite ugly. He watched the people choose certain ones to take home. Andy found himself drawn to the holiday, and wanted to learn more about it. He asked his mum what it was all about, and she explained that it was a holiday to celebrate the start of a special season. Andy eagerly looked forward to it. He couldn't wait to learn all about it!


一時三刻，有一個肥仔仔。佢好興奮，因為佢會得到一件特別嘅衫。佢去咗商店，見到一部大機器。機器正在把不同的設計印在衣服上。他選擇了一件大藍色的襯衫，上面有一枚火箭。他看著機器把火箭印在襯衫上。當它完成時，男孩把它穿上。他轉了一圈，看著鏡子裡的自己。他對他的新襯衫非常滿意！他感謝商店裡的人，然後跑去給媽媽看他買了什麼。她為他感到驕傲，他喜歡他的新肥仔襯衫。完。

